#RWThemeKit SDK v6.0
*Updated on Monday 19th August 2013*

#RapidWeaver Theme File Type
Given that there are non-backwards compatible additions to the RapidWeaver theme format in RapidWeaver 6.0, the new `rapidweavertheme` extension is the way to ensure that your themes install *solely* in a version of RapidWeaver that supports these additions.

There is no way to ship a theme that supports RapidWeaver ≤5 and the new `%navigation%` tags.

The `rwtheme` file type will remain supported by RapidWeaver 6.x, but should be considered deprecated and may be removed in the longer term.

#RapidWeaver Syntax Tags
The following tags are converted by RapidWeaver into the appropriate content. These tags should be added to the template file of your theme, which we recommend is named `index.html`.

#Header Syntax

###%header%
This outputs the meta information for each page. It should be placed between the <head> tags in your template file.

###%title%
Outputs the title of the current page.

###%user_header%
Allows the user to place any custom code into the header of the page.

###%style_variations%
Outputs a series of style sheets into the head of the page, as selected by the user via theme styles tab of the Page Inspector.

###%user_styles%
Outputs the users custom CSS into the head of the users page.

###%user_javascript%
Outputs the users custom javascript code into the head of the users page.

###%plugin_header%
Outputs code generated by the selected page type into the header area. Typically it will be javascript and/or css.

#Navigation

###%navigation%
Outputs the site navigation as an unordered list. Replaces `%toolbar%`, which is deprecated in RapidWeaver 6.0.

###%toolbar%
**Deprecated in RapidWeaver 6.0** You should move to using %navigation% in its place.

###%top_navigation%
**New in RapidWeaver 6.0** Outputs an unordered list of just the top-level of the page hierarchy.

###%sub_navigation%
**New in RapidWeaver 6.0** Outputs an unordered list of the remaining sub-navigation of the hierarchy, and respects the RWAlwaysDisplayFullNavigation key. 

#Body Syntax

###%site_title%
Outputs the site title

###%site_slogan%
Outputs the site slogan entered in the Site Setup area.

###%logo%
Outputs a user definable site wide image. This is set via the Site Setup area, and RapidWeaver does not pre-flight the images the customer may select for their size. Depending on how you’re using this tag, you may want to apply some sensible maximum size for the image via CSS.

###%content%
Outputs the content of the current page.

###%sidebar_title%
Outputs the sidebar title as entered in the Page Inspector.

###%sidebar%
Outputs the sidebar content as entered in the Page Inspector.

###%plugin_sidebar%
Outputs content specific to the current page style. For example, the blog archives.

###%breadcrumb%
Generates an unordered list of links from the home page to the current page following the menu hierarchy in the Page List.

###%footer%
Outputs the site’s footer as entered in the Site Setup area.

#Extras

###%pathto(file.extension)%
The `%pathto()%` syntax should be used to refer to any global assets in the theme. This will generate the appropriate relative, absolute or relative to DOCROOT link to the relevant file. Its primary use is to refer to stylesheets and javascript files that are used across the site.

`%pathto()%` can be used for any file (styles.css for example), however the file must be added to the RWCopyFiles array in the theme.plist file.

###%base_url%
Outputs the root web address of the website, as entered in the Site Setup area.

###%last_published%
Outputs the last published date - this is not currently customisable in its appearance.

###%email%
Outputs the user’s e-mail address.

#Colourtags

###%colour...%
eg. %colour_header_background%
This will be replaced by a colour specified in the theme.plist. This should be placed in an external style sheet. The style sheet should be included in the RWColourTagCSSFiles array in the theme.plist. There is no restriction on how many colour tags you can use. You may also use the same tag multiple times.
